Update Installation Guides (#3988)
sparkdesignsystem/spark-design-system: src/pages/installing-spark/html-environment-setup.mdx

import helloSpark from '../../images/installing-spark/html/hello-spark.png';

> This guide is Part 1 in a 3-Part series and will walk through setting up your Spark
development environment. You can also check out [Part 2 - Installation](/installing-spark/html-installation) and
[Part 3 - Adding Components](/installing-spark/html-add-components).

# Part 1: Setting up Your Environment for an HTML Project

For instructions on setting up Spark in other environments, check out the guides for
[Angular](/installing-spark/angular) and [React](/installing-spark/react) development environments.

Before you begin, make sure you <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm" target="_blank">install Node Package Manager</a>
(`npm`).

This is a tool that makes it easy to share and reuse
JavaScript code and to update the JavaScript code you’re sharing.

Our <a href="https://github.com/sparkdesignsystem/spark-starter-html/" target="_blank">starter app examples</a> are also available for reference:
- ['kitchen-sink' branch](https://github.com/sparkdesignsystem/spark-starter-html/tree/kitchen-sink) (Spark Installed with component examples.)

> - ['without-spark' branch](https://github.com/sparkdesignsystem/spark-starter-html/tree/kitchen-sink) (All of the prerequisites before Spark Installation.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ['without-spark' branch](https://github.com/sparkdesignsystem/spark-starter-html/tree/without-spark) (All of the prerequisites before Spark Installation.)
```

},
```

Webpack will combine all JavaScript into a single

> file called `main.js`, so we'll need to reference that instead of `index.js`.

Reviewer: This needs to be `"build": "webpack --mode='development'"`. Github won't let me make it a suggestion.

Author: done!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4342363/120391373-eb4a6300-c2fc-11eb-9aa1-07c8b3070e5e.png)
